Add info about optimized realpath_cache_settings (#7939)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.md

<!--{% assign packages = site.data.codebase.v2_4.open-source.composer_lock.packages %}-->
{% include install/php-extensions-template.md %}

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> If you install Magento by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system.

Reviewer: This is incorrect information for Magento 2.4.0. It's correct for Magento 2.3.x, but not for 2.4.x. The `sockets` plugin is **always** needed for all installation scenario's, not only when you clone Magento's repository.

Reviewer: This seems to reverts https://github.com/magento/devdocs/pull/7398, which is not correct.

> If you install Magento by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
If you install Magento 2.3 by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system.
```

Reviewer: @meker12: honestly I would remove this paragraph. After some quick research, it's only applicable to Magento 2.3.4 and 2.3.5 (I don't know what 2.3.6 will do in this regards since I don't have access to it yet).
It will be less confusing if we remove this paragraph I think 🙂

> If you install Magento via cloning from the [GitHub](https://github.com/magento/magento2) repository, then make sure you have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you install Magento by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system.
```

> If you install Magento 2.3 by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
If you install Magento 2.3 by cloning the [magento/magento2](https://github.com/magento/magento2) GitHub repository, you must have the [ext-sockets](https://github.com/php-amqplib/php-amqplib/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#281---2018-11-13) extension installed on your system. The `ext-sockets` extension is required for Magento 2.4.
```

{:.procedure}
To verify installed extensions:

> 1. At the command line, use the following command to list installed modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. List installed modules.
```

   ```bash
   php -m
   ```

> 1. Verify that the extensions required by Magento are installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verify that all required extensions are installed.
```

1. Add any missing modules using the same workflow used for installing PHP. For example, if you use `yum` to install PHP, the PHP 7.4 modules can be added with:

   ```bash

>     yum -y install php74u-pdo php74u-mysqlnd php74u-opcache php74u-xml php74u-gd php74u-devel php74u-mysql php74u-intl    php74u-mbstring php74u-bcmath php74u-json php74u-iconv php74u-soap

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    yum -y install php74u-pdo php74u-mysqlnd php74u-opcache php74u-xml php74u-gd php74u-devel php74u-mysql php74u-intl php74u-mbstring php74u-bcmath php74u-json php74u-iconv php74u-soap
```

>       -  Installing and updating Magento components from Magento Marketplace, `2G`

Reviewer: This can probably be removed now that the web set up wizard was removed in Magento 2.4.0?

   Our detailed recommendations are:

   -  Compiling code or deploying static assets, `1G`
   -  Debugging, `2G`
   -  Testing, `~3-4G`

-  Increase the values for the PHP `realpath_cache_size` and `realpath_cache_ttl` to recommended settings:

   ```conf

>    realpath_cache_size=1M

Author: ```suggestion
   realpath_cache_size=10M
```

>    realpath_cache_size=10M

Reviewer 3: IN file magento-app-php-ini.md it says the recommended value is 1M, which one is it?

   ```

1. Add the time zone setting you found in step 2.

> 1. Change the value of `memory_limit` to one of the values recommendedat the beginning of this section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Change the value of `memory_limit` to one of the values recommended at the beginning of this section.
```

   For example,

   ```conf
   memory_limit=2G
   ```

1. Add or update the `realpath_cache` configuration to match the following values:

   ```conf
   ;
   ; Increase realpath cache size
   ;

>    realpath_cache_size = 10M

Reviewer 3: See above - 1M vs 10M

Author: 10M
